And welcome back.
In this final video I want to show you what this
course is all about what we're learning in this course
and what we're going to
be able to do at the end.
You may have heard the term full-stack developer
front-end developer, back-end developer. And looking at
this diagram
you start to recognize that, HTML, CSS Javascript
you see React in there, we'll get to that,
don't worry about it but that's what a front-end
developer does. The front-end developer is the person
who makes sure that, when we open up the browser
and go to Google.com that we see Google, we see it
nice and pretty laid out beautifully, has a search
bar, essentially anything that a user sees, the
front-end developer does. And that is using HTML,
CSS, Javascript, React and a few other tools.
The back-end developer, that's a person that works
with the server makes sure that when a browser speaks
to it, it serves up those files and uses some technology
such as Node.js, Express.js, which we're going
to get into, and then that server is going to talk
also to a database; again we haven't really discussed
that too much but don't worry there's going to be a
section on it and that's going to use PostgreSQL
and we're actually going to
be learning that as well.
So we want to build you up as a full-stack developer to
be able to work with all these technologies, so that
everything revolving
around a web application,
you're able to build, so get excited.
You're going to learn all of this.
It looks overwhelming, but trust me, just like this How
the Internet Works section it's all going to make sense.
So I'll see you at the next one. Bye-bye.